# Harvest component of operating model

A function used by openMSE to specify the fishing effort during the
projections. salmonMSE updates the arguments of this function from the
salmon operating model.

## Usage

``` r
Harvest_MMP(
  x = 1,
  DataList,
  reps = 1,
  u_terminal,
  u_preterminal,
  K_PT,
  K_T,
  type_PT = "u",
  type_T = "u",
  MSF_PT = FALSE,
  MSF_T = FALSE,
  m,
  release_mort,
  p_terminal = c(2, 5),
  p_preterminal = c(1, 4),
  pkey = data.frame(p = 1:6, s = 1),
  p_natural = 1:3,
  p_hatchery = 4:6,
  ...
)
```

## Arguments

- x:

  Simulation number

- DataList:

  A nested list of
  [MSEtool::Data](https://msetool.openmse.com/reference/Data-class.html)
  objects by stock then fleet, generated by
  [`MSEtool::multiMSE()`](https://msetool.openmse.com/reference/multiMSE.html)

- reps:

  The number of stochastic replicates to be returned by the function

- u_terminal:

  Numeric vector by population (s). Harvest rate of retained catch in
  the terminal fishery

- u_preterminal:

  Single numeric. Harvest rate of retained catch in the pre-terminal
  fishery

- K_PT:

  Single numeric. Total retained catch in the pre-terminal fishery

- K_T:

  Numeric vector by population (s). Total retained catch in the terminal
  fishery

- type_PT:

  Single character, containing either "catch" or "u". Indicates whether
  to manage by harvest rate or total catch numbers for preterminal
  fisheries

- type_T:

  Character vector by population (s), containing either "catch" or "u".
  indicates whether to manage by harvest rate or total catch numbers for
  terminal fisheries

- MSF_PT:

  Single logical, whether to implement mark-selective fishing for the
  preterminal fishery

- MSF_T:

  Logical vector by population (s), whether to implement mark-selective
  fishing for the terminal fishery

- m:

  Numeric vector by population (s). Mark rate of hatchery origin fish,
  as a proxy for fishery retention. Only used to calculate the fishing
  effort. Retention in the operating model is specified in the
  [MSEtool::MOM](https://msetool.openmse.com/reference/MOM-class.html)
  object

- release_mort:

  Matrix `[2, s]`. Release mortality of discarded fish in the
  pre-terminal (1st row) and terminal (2nd row) fishery. Only used if
  `MSF_PT = TRUE` or `MSF_T[s] = TRUE`. Only used to calculate the
  fishing effort. Release mortality in the operating model is specified
  in the
  [MSEtool::MOM](https://msetool.openmse.com/reference/MOM-class.html)
  object

- p_terminal:

  Numeric vector. Population index (p) for the recruitment that
  experiences the terminal fishing mortality

- p_preterminal:

  Numeric vector. Population index (p) for immature fish that experience
  the pre-terminal fishing mortality

- pkey:

  Data frame that assigns openMSE population by life stage and
  origin (p) to salmonMSE population (s)

- p_natural:

  Numeric vector. Population index (p) for natural origin fish

- p_hatchery:

  Numeric vector. Population index (p) for hatchery origin fish

- ...:

  Not used

## Value

A nested list of
[MSEtool::Rec](https://msetool.openmse.com/reference/Rec-class.html)
objects, same dimension as `DataList`
